Gabriel Tarasuk-Levin
gt04@hampshire.edu
3/19/05

wxbreve 1.0

Windows notes:
I've only been able to get Breve 2.1 to compile using Cygwin... to that end, I
strongly suggest that you stick with Cygwin, rather than attempt to use MSVC or
the like.

Compiling for Linux or Windows (using Cygwin):
First, you need to install wxWidgets 2.5.4.  Be sure to enable opengl support
when compiling it.  On Cygwin, you need to additionally edit setup.h to make
sure that wxUSE_MOUSEWHEEL support is defined, along with wxUSE_GLCANVAS.
wxWidgets socket support doesn't compile on Cygwin, so disable that.  Also disable
shared library support.  wxGTK should work out of the box.

After that, compile and install wxWidgets/contrib/stc.

Next, get breve 2.1 to compile from source.  This will require getting a few
libraries - a straightforward process.  FFMpeg should be configured with
--disable-vhook on Cygwin.

Note that I haven't been able to get Breve 2.1 to work properly with Java.  While
it will compile properly, it won't function correctly... you'll see error messages
in the standard breve client, and it will cause wxbreve to crash whenever it tries to
regenerate a BreveInterface.  I strongly suggest you compile breve 2.1 without java
support - which, if I recall correctly, requires editing config.h.

Once Breve works, you need to make it into a static library.  The command to do this
is 'ar rcs libbreve.a <object files>' where object files are all of Breve's object
files, minus the executable object files (graph files, breve.o, breve_cli.o).

Put the static library into the directory containing the wxbreve source
(this directory), then copy the breve 2.1 source directory into this directory, calling
it breve_source.  Object files and source files need not be copied - the client
just needs to have access to the breve 2.1 include files and static library.

From here, you can compile wxbreve.  Linux users can just type make.  Cygwin
users should use Makefile.cyg (make -f Makefile.cyg).

For Linux users, this should have all been rather painless.  It's pretty easy.
Cygwin, on the other hand, can be a real pain sometimes... if you need help,
feel free to email me.

Important:  Make sure your compiled wxbreve binary lives in the same directory
as the tiff images and breve_source directory.
